{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red1\green1\blue1;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c392\c392\c392;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18620\viewh13080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
INDEPENDENT IT CONSULTANT BRIEF TEXT\cb1 \
\
\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab1440\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf4 \cb1 \CocoaLigature0 The purpose of IT in modern Business:
\f0 \cf2 \cb3 \CocoaLigature1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0
\cf2 1.1 In this modern age of cyber attacks on both big and small companies having a good IT infrastructure in place is vital. With recent company data breaches from the likes of Facebook, Google and others its important to have strong regulations in place to protect users data stored by software and on devices, especially when access to cameras or microphones have been granted.\cb1 \
\
How to complete a successful \cf2 digital projects:\cf2 \
\cb3 1.2 \'a0Have a clear understanding of the scope of the project by getting as much info as possible. Know the purpose and the target audience the projects geared towards. As for tools, I\'92d recommend using something standard you and others are comfortable with, unless specifically requested by a client. Do your research, do mockups, set out a budget for things needed and get the clients approval. If you create a timeline for tasks and factor in additional time for testing before agreeing a deadline and costs, this will aid in completing a successful project. It also helps if you have the patience of a saint.\'a0\cb1 \
\
Planning and carrying out task using IT:\
\cb3 1.3 Trello for ease and flexibility to plan your website. Visual Studio Code to combine your HTML, CSS and JavaScript files. And a GitHub Repository to share your files.\cb1 \
\
Risks that might impact a digital project:\
\cb3 1.4 Project management is so important. Plan each task and allocate enough time needed to complete those tasks. Not allowing yourself enough time to run numerous test on different platforms to work out bugs causes digital projects to fail.\cb1 \
\
Using IT systems and software:\
\cb3 1.5 It\'92s important to select an IT system and software that\'92s supported and used by everyone like MySQL to prevent problems that can arise by using something that\'92s just been released, as the last thing you need is to get stuck.\cb1 \
\
The outcome of chosen technology:\
\cb3 1,6 MySQL is the world's most popular open-source database as it runs on virtually all platforms, including Windows, UNIX and Linux. It\'92s chosen over other\'92s because it\'92s the most trusted and the most widely used in the challenges of next generation web, cloud, and communications services.\cb1 \
\
The legal 
\f1 \cf4 \CocoaLigature0 guidelines that impact digital projects:
\f0 \cf2 \CocoaLigature1 \
\cb3 1.7 The General Data Protection Regulation\'92s legal guidelines impact digital projects as the collection of this data is used for services and data processing. Failing to comply to the new guidelines when creating digital projects without showing and requesting the appropriate consent will result in individuals and companies being find.\cb1 \
\
\
https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1536286053831-52e1354eb5b7?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2550&q=80}