{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18620\viewh13080\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 INDEPENDENT IT CONSULTANT BRIEF TEXT\cb1 \
\
\cb3 1.1 In this modern age of cyber attacks on both big and small companies having a good IT infrastructure in place is vital. With recent company data breaches from the likes of Facebook, Google and others its important to have strong regulations in place to protect users data stored by software and on devices, especially when access to cameras or microphones have been granted.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 1.2 \'a0Have a clear understanding of the scope of the project by getting as much info as possible. Know the purpose and the target audience the projects geared towards. As for tools, I\'92d recommend using something standard you and others are comfortable with, unless specifically requested by a client. Do your research, do mockups, set out a budget for things needed and get the clients approval. If you create a timeline for tasks and factor in additional time for testing before agreeing a deadline and costs, this will aid in completing a successful project. It also helps if you have the patience of a saint.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 1.3 Trello as its an easy to use organiser for planning your website as you can collect tasks into lists while still viewing your entire day and track your time. Visual Studio Code to combine your HTML, CSS and JavaScript files. And a GitHub Repository to share your files.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 1.4 Project management is so important. Plan each task and allocate enough time needed for \'a0designers and developers to complete those tasks. Not allowing yourself enough time to run numerous test on different platforms to work out bugs causes digital projects to fail.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 1.5 It\'92s important to select an IT system and software that\'92s supported and used by everyone. Like HTML and CSS, to prevent problems that can arise by using something that\'92s just been released as the last thing you need is to get stuck.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 1,6 Developers say once you understanding HTML and CSS they opens up the web to you. Even though HTML and CSS can seen like hieroglyphics as first but once you understand what they do and how they work you\'92ll have the basic understanding of how the entire internet works and functions. It no surprise they are the cornerstone technologies used to create web pages and web applications for the World Wide Web.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 1.7 The General Data Protection Regulation\'92s legal guidelines impact digital projects as the collection of this data is used for services and data processing. Failing to comply to the new guidelines when creating digital projects without showing and requesting the appropriate consent will result in individuals and companies being find.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 Website Review\cb1 \
\cb3 2.1 I found it really useful to use Trello as it helped me to plan out tasks that I needed to do and also see how other designers used it when creating similar projects. As for Visual Studio Code, I see why it's very popular as after using it for just over a week I'm starting to understand it. I also love some of the additional extensions available to use too. Considering that I've never done coding before I'm happy with the tools used to create my website.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2.2 Trello is good, but I wouldn't say it was appropriate. As for Visual Studio Code, this was appropriate to complete the website's coding in both HTML and CSS.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2.3 I'm happy with my website as creating it helped me to understand and appreciate front end coding, especially being completely new to coding and this being the very first website I've ever done. I know one of my weaknesses presently is JavaScript, but I know with more practice I'll get better.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 2.4 Further improvements that I would have liked to have done would be creating a fullscreen video background as they seem to be the trend these days. I would have also loved to have been able to create my own Photoshop elements instead of using online elements.\cb1 \
\
\
\cb3 Copyright & Accepting Cookies\cb1 \
\cb3 Putting a copyright notice on the bottom of a website or blog is a form of protection as it states that the material displayed is not to be used without the permission of the owner. In fact, you don\'92t even need the notice to claim copyright as the law eliminated the requirement of public notice in 1989.\cb1 \
\cb3 As for Cookies, they're files downloaded and stored by your browser. The reason you are now asked to accept them when visiting a website is due to the new GDPR guidelines regarding full transparency of collected personal data and what it's been used for, as they have to obtain your permission to install cookies.\cf4 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
https://images.unsplash.com/photo-1536286053831-52e1354eb5b7?ixlib=rb-1.2.1&ixid=eyJhcHBfaWQiOjEyMDd9&auto=format&fit=crop&w=2550&q=80}